Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

For this project I consulted with Julie Altamirano, Taylor Knibb, and TA hours.
At first I had no idea how to approach this assignment so I watched a youtube video explaining the basics of what attributes, methods, and constructors were. Once I figured that out I started attempting the code by thinking about what was happening in the procedural code. From here I figured out which methods would be best utilized in the class Computer or class ResaleShop. That part for the most part was easy but what was difficult was how to in a sense translate the procedural code to object oriented code. For instance I had so many problems with getting clas computer and class resale shop to interact/connect with each other. I kept thinking that if I equaled a variable to Computer() then it might call the class into resale shop, but that ran a lot of errors. After TA hours I learned that it did not work because resale shop needed an object in order to run which led to the creation of object_1 that contains a dictionary inventory and itemID or key that will be matched to a computer once it is added to the inventory. I also needed to manually create a computer object that would go through the class computer to be added to the inventory seen in object_1. Communication was my biggest problem honestly because I could not wrap my head around the concept but it worked after get the concept broken down for me by the TA. After doing this and implementing the itemID I was able to also print my inventory and remove/sell items so that part worked very well!

Advice:
My advice to anyone taking the course is to work in a group while writing code because you can rubber duck your ideas and create a small design game plan. Sometimes you think something and it sounds good, but logically would not work or you need to fix a few parts and talking it out with people really helps. Also writing rough code and letting it run only to get a an error helps with finding out whether there was a logical or type error and you can fix it from there while talking it through with others. Basically I am an advocate for teamwork even if no one has the same ideas because it helps find the most efficient solution and find your errors.